hmmm there's nothing quite like meatloaf
when you're in the mood for a comforting
home-cooked meal this recipe makes a
hearty veggie packed meatloaf with a
sweet and tangy mustard glaze be
prepared everyone will be asking for
seconds there are a few veggies to
prepare finely chop enough fresh
mushrooms to make half a cup finely
chopped 1 small onion to make about 1/3
of a cup
you
next shred one medium peeled carrot
you'll need about half a cup and last
mince two cloves of fresh garlic okay
the veggies are prepped let's cook
preheat the oven to 350 degrees and line
a 3 quart rectangular baking dish with
foil over medium-high heat heat a
tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large
skillet add the mushrooms the onions the
carrots and the garlic cook and stir the
vegetables until they're tender this
will take about 4 to 5 minutes then
remove the skillet from the heat next
crack 2 eggs into a large bowl beat them
lightly add 1 cup of soft bread crumbs
the cooked vegetables from the skillet
a quarter cup of milk
three tablespoons of ketchup one
tablespoon of Dijon style mustard 1
tablespoon of course Disher sauce and
half a teaspoon of kosher salt mix this
all together
then add one pound of ground beef chuck
in one pound of ground beef sirloin mix
again until everything is just combined
be careful not to overwork the meat
mixture this will ensure a tender
meatloaf if you like substitute eight
ounces of ground beef with 8 ounces of
ground sweet Italian sausage ground
turkey or ground pork transfer the
meatloaf mixture to the baking dish and
form it into a rectangular loaf about 9
inches long by 5 inches wide bake the
meatloaf for 35 minutes while it's
baking let's mix up the glaze to a half
a cup of ketchup add a quarter cup of
packed brown sugar and 2 teaspoons of
Dijon style mustard
stir the glaze until the ingredients are
combined
after the meatloaf bakes for 35 minutes
spoon the glaze over it
then continue baking the loaf for
another 25 minutes use an instant-read
thermometer to check the meatloaf for
doneness when the meatloaf registers an
internal temperature of 160 degrees it's
done remove the meatloaf from the oven
and allow it to rest in the pan for 10
minutes use two spatulas to carefully
transfer the meatloaf to a serving
platter
cut the meatloaf into 8 slices and call
the family for dinner if you happen to
have any meatloaf leftover wrap it and
refrigerate it it will make a wonderful
sandwich the next day